README.md, before:

![Hacking With Swift Logo](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/blob/master/logo.png)

#### Neil Hiddink's portfolio of apps built while reading Paul Hudson's book [Hacking With Swift](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/read). 

### Beginner 📕

| #    | Project                      | Topics Learned   | Progress   |
| :--: | :--------------------------: | :--------------: | :--------: |
| 0    | 🛠<br>[Introduction to Swift](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/00.%20Introduction%20to%20Swift)  | Playgrounds, Constants & Variables, Data Types, Operators, String Interpolation, Arrays & Dictionaries, Conditional Statements, Control Flow, Functions & Methods, Optionals, Enumerations, Classes & Structures, Property Observers, Access Control, Typecasting, Closures | ✅ |
| 1    | 📱<br>[Storm Viewer](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/01.%20Storm%20Viewer)           | Xcode, UIKit, UIViewController, `super`, viewDidLoad(), FileManager, Bundle, `try-catch` Blocks, print(), Storyboards & Interface Builder, UITableView, UITableViewDelegate, UITableViewDataSource, UIImageView, UIImage, UIButton, Auto Layout, Outlets & Actions, UINavigationController | ✅ |
| 2    | 🕹<br>[Guess the Flag](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/02.%20Guess%20the%20Flag)         | UIButton, Asset Catalogs, Retina displays & @2x and @3x images, UIControlState, CALayer, UIView, UIColor, CGColor, Random Numbers, UIAlertController, UIAlertAction, UILabel | ✅ |
| 3    | 🛠 [Social Media](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/03.%20Social%20Media)              | UIActivityViewController, UINavigationBar, UIBarButtonItem, `#selector` & `@objc`, Info.plist, Privacy & Permissions | ✅ |
| 4    | 📱<br>[Easy Browser](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/04.%20Easy%20Browser)           | WKWebView, URL, URLRequest, UIToolbar, UIProgressView, KVO Design Pattern, WKNavigationDelegate | ✅ |
| 5    | 🕹<br>[Word Scramble](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/05.%20Word%20Scramble)          | String Methods, NSRange, UITextChecker, lowercased(), IndexPath | ✅ |
| 6    | 🛠<br>[Auto Layout](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/06.%20Auto%20Layout)            | Ctrl-drag, Visual Format Language | ✅ |
| 7    | 📱<br>[WH Petitions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/07.%20White%20House%20Petitions)           | UITabBarController, Parsing JSON, SwiftyJSON didFinishLaunchingWithOptions | ✅ |
| 8    | 🕹<br>[Seven Swifty Words](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/08.%20Seven%20Swifty%20Words)     | addTarget(), enumerated(), index(of:), joined(), replacingOccurrences(), Property Observers, Range Operators | ✅ |
| 9    | 🛠<br>[Grand Central Dispatch](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/09.%20Grand%20Central%20Dispatch) | async(), DispatchQueue.main, Quality of Service, global(), performSelector(inBackground:) | ✅ |
| 10   | 📱<br>[Names to Faces](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/10.%20Names%20to%20Faces)   | UICollectionView, UICollectionViewCell, UICollectionViewDelegate, UICollectionViewDataSource, UIImagePickerController, UUID, Custom NSObject Classes | ✅ |
| 11   | 🕹<br>[Peggle](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/11.%20Peggle)                 | CGFloat, SKSpriteNode, UITouch, SKPhysicsBody, circleOfRadius, SKPhysicsContactDelegate, SKLabelNode, SKEmitterNode | ✅ |
| 12   | 🛠<br>[User Defaults](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/12.%20User%20Defaults)   | NSCoding, Codable | ✅ |
| 13   | 📱<br>[Instafilter](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/13.%20Instafilter)            | UISlider, CIContext, CIFilter | ✅ |
| 14   | 🕹<br>[Whack-a-Penguin](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/14.%20Whack-a-Penguin)        | SKCropNode, SKTexture, SKActions, asyncAfter() | ✅ |
| 15   | 🛠<br>[Core Animation](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/15.%20Animation)         | `switch`, `case`, animate(withDuration:), CGAffineTransform, CGFloat.pi | ✅ |

### Intermediate 📗

| #    | Project Name                | Topics Learned | Progress |
| :--: | :-------------------------: | :------------: | :------: |
| 16   | 📱<br>[JavaScript Injection](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/16.%20JavaScript%20Injection)  | NSExtensionItem, plists, NSDictionary, UITextView, NSItemProvider, kUTTypePropertyList, Keyboard Notifications, NSValue, CGRect, CGPoint, CGSize, UIEdgeInsets | ✅ |
| 17   | 🕹<br>[Fruity Penguins](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/17.%20Fruity%20Penguins)       | SKShapeNode, CGPath, UIBezierPath, AVAudioPlayer, CaseIterable & Custom Enums, Default Method Parameters | ✅ |
| 18   | 🛠<br>[Debugging](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/18.%20Debugging)             | `print`, `assert`, breakpoints, Visual Debugging | ✅ |
| 19   | 📱<br>[Capital Cities](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/19.%20Capital%20Cities)        | MKMapView, MKAnnotation, MKPinAnnotationView, CLLocationCoordinate2D, dequeueReusableAnnotationView() | ✅ |
| 20   | 🕹<br>[Fireworks Night](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/20.%20Fireworks%20Night)       | Timer, SKNode, follow(), motionBegan(), prefersStatusBarHidden, Timer.invalidate() | ✅ |
| 21   | 🛠<br>[Local Notifications](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/21.%20Local%20Notifications)   | UNUserNotificationCenter, UNNotificationRequest, UNNotificationAction, UNNotificationCategory, UNUserNotificationCenterDelegate, UNNotificationDefaultActionIdentifier | ✅ |
| 22   | 📱<br>[Detect-A-Beacon](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/22.%20Detect-A-Beacon)       | Core Location, CLBeaconRegion, CLLocationManager, startMonitoring(for:), startRangingBeacons(in:), `uuidgen`, CLBeaconRegion, CLProximity | ✅ |
| 23   | 🕹<br>[Space Race](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/23.%20Space%20Race)            | Per-Pixel Collision Detection, Advancing Particle Systems, Adjust Linear & Angular Damping, touchesEnded(), touchesMoved(), touchesBegan() | ✅ |
| 24   | 🛠<br>[Swift Extensions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/24.%20Swift%20Extensions/SwiftExtensions.playground)      | `mutating`, Protocol-Oriented Programming, Methods as Verbs, Properties as State, ExSwift | ✅ |
| 25   | 📱<br>[Selfie Share](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/25.%20Selfie%20Share)             | MCSession, MCBrowswerViewController, showConnectionPrompt(), MCPeerID, MCAdvertiserAssistant, MCSessionDelegate, MCBrowserViewControllerDelegate, Data, data(using:), String.Encoding.utf8 | ✅ |
| 26   | 🕹<br>[Marble Maze](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/26.%20Marble%20Maze)              | categoryBitMask, collisionBitMask, contactTestBitMask, CMMotionManager, update() | ✅ |
| 27   | 🛠<br>[Core Graphics](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/27.%20Core%20Graphics)            | UIGraphicsImageRenderer, UIGraphicsImageRendererContext, CGContext, addRect(), addEllipse(), String.draw(with:), UIFont, NSMutableParagraphStyle() | ✅ |
| 28   | 📱<br>[Secret Swift](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/28.%20Secret%20Swift)             | KeychainWrapper, resignFirstResponder(), NotificationCenter, UIApplication.willResignActiveNotification, LocalAuthentication, LAContext, canEvaluatePolicy(), .deviceOwnerAuthenticationWithBiometrics, evaluatePolicy(), `[unowned self]`, `self`, Privacy for Touch ID & Face ID | ✅ |
| 29   | 🕹<br>[Exploding Monkeys](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/29.%20Exploding%20Monkeys)       | UIKit + SpriteKit, Texture Atlases, Scene Transitions, Destructable Terrain | ✅ |
| 30   | 🛠<br>[Instruments](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/30.%20Instruments)              | TimeProfiler, Color Blended Layers, Color Offscreen-Rendered Yellow, Color Hits Green and Misses Red | ✅ |

## Advanced 📘

| #    | Project Name                | Topics Learned   | Progress   |
| :--: | :-------------------------: | :--------------: | :--------: |
| 31   | 📱<br>[Multibrowser](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/31.%20Multibrowser)            | UIStackView, iPad Multitasking, addArrangedSubview(), WKNavigationDelegate, UITextFieldDelegate, UIGestureRecognizerDelegate, App Transport Security | ✅ |
| 32   | 📱<br>[Swift Searcher](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/32.%20Swift%20Searcher)            | Dynamic Type, NSAttributedString, SFSafariViewController, SFSafariViewControllerDelegate, Core Spotlight, UIContentSizeCategoryDidChange | ✅ |
| 33   | 📱<br>[Name That Tune](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/33.%20Name%20that%20Tune)          | AVAudioRecorder, AVAudioSession, requestRecordPermission(), CloudKit, CKRecord, CKAsset, CloudKit Dashboard, CKQueryOperation, NSPredicate, CKRecord.Reference, fetch(withRecordID:), save(), CKQuerySubscription, NSSortDescriptor | ✅ |
| 34   | 🕹<br>[Four in a Row](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/34.%20Connect%20Four)            | GameplayKit AI, GKGameModel, GKGameModelPlayer, GKGameModelUpdate, AI Heuristics, NSCopying, GKMinmaxStrategist | ✅ |
| 35   | 🛠<br>[Random Numbers](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/35.%20Random%20Numbers)           | Int.random(in:), Float.random(in:), Double.random(in:), CGFloat.random(in:), Bool.random(), arc4random(), GKRandomSource.sharedRandom(), GKLinearCongruentialRandomSource, GKMersenneTwisterRandomSource, GKARC4RandomSource, GKRandomDistribution, GKShuffledDistribution, GKGaussianDistribution, Fisher-Yates Algorithm, arrayByShufflingObjects(in:) | ✅ |
| 36   | 🕹<br>[Crashy Plane](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/36.%20Crashy%20Plane)             | Composed Methods,  Scale Modes, Parallax Scrolling, SpriteKit Physics, SKPhysicsContactDelegate, SKPhysicsBody, SKAudioNode, Managing Game State  | ✅ |
| 37   | 🕹<br>[Psychic Tester](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/37.%20Psychic%20Tester)           | WatchKit Extensions, 3D Touch, CAEmitterLayer, CAGradientLayer, @IBDesignable, @IBInspectable, transition(with:), WCSession, WKInterfaceLabel, WKInterfaceButton | ✅ |
| 38   | 🛠<br>[Github Commits (Core Data)](https://github.com/neilhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/38.%20GitHubCommits) | NSFetchRequest, NSManagedObject, NSPredicate, NSSortDescriptor, NSFetchedResultsController, ISO8601DateFormatter | ✅ |
| 39   | 🛠<br>[Unit testing with XCTest](https://github.com/neilhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/39.%20Swift%20Unit%20Tests) | XCTest, `filter()`, Test-Driven Development, Functional Programming, XCTestCase, Setting a Baseline, NSCountedSet, XCUIApplication(), XCUIElementQuery, UI Test Recording | ✅ |

## Challenges 📙

| #    | Project Name                 | Progress |
| :--: | :--------------------------: | :------: |
| 0    | 🛠<br>[Fizz Buzz](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C00.%20Fizz%20Buzz%20Test)              | ✅ |
| 1    | 📱<br>[Shopping List](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C01.%20Shopping%20List)          | ⚠️ |
| 2    | 📱<br>[World Flags](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C02.%20World%20Flags)            | ⚠️ |
| 3    | 🕹<br>[Hangman](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C03.%20Hangman)                | ⚠️ |
| 4    | 🛠<br>[Storm Viewer v2.0](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C04.%20Storm%20Viewer%20v2.0)     | ⚠️ |
| 5    | 📱<br>[World Facts](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C05.%20World%20Facts)            | ⚠️ |
| 6    | 📱<br>[Apple Notes Clone](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C06.%20Apple%20Notes%20Clone)      | ⚠️ |
| 7    | 🕹<br>[Target Practice](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C07.%20Target%20Practice)        | ⚠️ |
| 8    | 🛠<br>[Swift Extensions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C08.%20Swift%20Extensions)       | ⚠️ |
| 9    | 🛠<br>[Core Graphics Rainbow](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C09.%20Core%20Graphics%20Rainbow) | ⚠️ |
| 10   | 📱<br>[Private Photos](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C10.%20Private%20Photos)         | ⚠️ |

|  KEY  |
| ----- |
📱 = App
🕹 = Game
🛠 = Technique
✅ = Complete
⚠️ = In Progress
🛑 = Not Started

## Legal

![Shield.io MIT License Shield](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)

Swift, the Swift logo, and Xcode are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Hacking with Swift is copyright Paul Hudson. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

docs: Add Certificate to README

README.md, after:

![Hacking With Swift Logo](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/blob/master/logo.png)

#### Neil Hiddink's portfolio of work completed while reading Paul Hudson's book [Hacking With Swift](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/read). 

### Beginner 📕

| #    | Project                      | Topics Learned   | Progress   |
| :--: | :--------------------------: | :--------------: | :--------: |
| 0    | 🛠<br>[Introduction to Swift](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/00.%20Introduction%20to%20Swift)  | Playgrounds, Constants & Variables, Data Types, Operators, String Interpolation, Arrays & Dictionaries, Conditional Statements, Control Flow, Functions & Methods, Optionals, Enumerations, Classes & Structures, Property Observers, Access Control, Typecasting, Closures | ✅ |
| 1    | 📱<br>[Storm Viewer](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/01.%20Storm%20Viewer)           | Xcode, UIKit, UIViewController, `super`, viewDidLoad(), FileManager, Bundle, `try-catch` Blocks, print(), Storyboards & Interface Builder, UITableView, UITableViewDelegate, UITableViewDataSource, UIImageView, UIImage, UIButton, Auto Layout, Outlets & Actions, UINavigationController | ✅ |
| 2    | 🕹<br>[Guess the Flag](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/02.%20Guess%20the%20Flag)         | UIButton, Asset Catalogs, Retina displays & @2x and @3x images, UIControlState, CALayer, UIView, UIColor, CGColor, Random Numbers, UIAlertController, UIAlertAction, UILabel | ✅ |
| 3    | 🛠 [Social Media](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/03.%20Social%20Media)              | UIActivityViewController, UINavigationBar, UIBarButtonItem, `#selector` & `@objc`, Info.plist, Privacy & Permissions | ✅ |
| 4    | 📱<br>[Easy Browser](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/04.%20Easy%20Browser)           | WKWebView, URL, URLRequest, UIToolbar, UIProgressView, KVO Design Pattern, WKNavigationDelegate | ✅ |
| 5    | 🕹<br>[Word Scramble](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/05.%20Word%20Scramble)          | String Methods, NSRange, UITextChecker, lowercased(), IndexPath | ✅ |
| 6    | 🛠<br>[Auto Layout](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/06.%20Auto%20Layout)            | Ctrl-drag, Visual Format Language | ✅ |
| 7    | 📱<br>[WH Petitions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/07.%20White%20House%20Petitions)           | UITabBarController, Parsing JSON, SwiftyJSON didFinishLaunchingWithOptions | ✅ |
| 8    | 🕹<br>[Seven Swifty Words](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/08.%20Seven%20Swifty%20Words)     | addTarget(), enumerated(), index(of:), joined(), replacingOccurrences(), Property Observers, Range Operators | ✅ |
| 9    | 🛠<br>[Grand Central Dispatch](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/09.%20Grand%20Central%20Dispatch) | async(), DispatchQueue.main, Quality of Service, global(), performSelector(inBackground:) | ✅ |
| 10   | 📱<br>[Names to Faces](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/10.%20Names%20to%20Faces)   | UICollectionView, UICollectionViewCell, UICollectionViewDelegate, UICollectionViewDataSource, UIImagePickerController, UUID, Custom NSObject Classes | ✅ |
| 11   | 🕹<br>[Peggle](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/11.%20Peggle)                 | CGFloat, SKSpriteNode, UITouch, SKPhysicsBody, circleOfRadius, SKPhysicsContactDelegate, SKLabelNode, SKEmitterNode | ✅ |
| 12   | 🛠<br>[User Defaults](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/12.%20User%20Defaults)   | NSCoding, Codable | ✅ |
| 13   | 📱<br>[Instafilter](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/13.%20Instafilter)            | UISlider, CIContext, CIFilter | ✅ |
| 14   | 🕹<br>[Whack-a-Penguin](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/14.%20Whack-a-Penguin)        | SKCropNode, SKTexture, SKActions, asyncAfter() | ✅ |
| 15   | 🛠<br>[Core Animation](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/15.%20Animation)         | `switch`, `case`, animate(withDuration:), CGAffineTransform, CGFloat.pi | ✅ |

### Intermediate 📗

| #    | Project Name                | Topics Learned | Progress |
| :--: | :-------------------------: | :------------: | :------: |
| 16   | 📱<br>[JavaScript Injection](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/16.%20JavaScript%20Injection)  | NSExtensionItem, plists, NSDictionary, UITextView, NSItemProvider, kUTTypePropertyList, Keyboard Notifications, NSValue, CGRect, CGPoint, CGSize, UIEdgeInsets | ✅ |
| 17   | 🕹<br>[Fruity Penguins](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/17.%20Fruity%20Penguins)       | SKShapeNode, CGPath, UIBezierPath, AVAudioPlayer, CaseIterable & Custom Enums, Default Method Parameters | ✅ |
| 18   | 🛠<br>[Debugging](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/18.%20Debugging)             | `print`, `assert`, breakpoints, Visual Debugging | ✅ |
| 19   | 📱<br>[Capital Cities](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/19.%20Capital%20Cities)        | MKMapView, MKAnnotation, MKPinAnnotationView, CLLocationCoordinate2D, dequeueReusableAnnotationView() | ✅ |
| 20   | 🕹<br>[Fireworks Night](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/20.%20Fireworks%20Night)       | Timer, SKNode, follow(), motionBegan(), prefersStatusBarHidden, Timer.invalidate() | ✅ |
| 21   | 🛠<br>[Local Notifications](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/21.%20Local%20Notifications)   | UNUserNotificationCenter, UNNotificationRequest, UNNotificationAction, UNNotificationCategory, UNUserNotificationCenterDelegate, UNNotificationDefaultActionIdentifier | ✅ |
| 22   | 📱<br>[Detect-A-Beacon](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/22.%20Detect-A-Beacon)       | Core Location, CLBeaconRegion, CLLocationManager, startMonitoring(for:), startRangingBeacons(in:), `uuidgen`, CLBeaconRegion, CLProximity | ✅ |
| 23   | 🕹<br>[Space Race](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/23.%20Space%20Race)            | Per-Pixel Collision Detection, Advancing Particle Systems, Adjust Linear & Angular Damping, touchesEnded(), touchesMoved(), touchesBegan() | ✅ |
| 24   | 🛠<br>[Swift Extensions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/24.%20Swift%20Extensions/SwiftExtensions.playground)      | `mutating`, Protocol-Oriented Programming, Methods as Verbs, Properties as State, ExSwift | ✅ |
| 25   | 📱<br>[Selfie Share](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/25.%20Selfie%20Share)             | MCSession, MCBrowswerViewController, showConnectionPrompt(), MCPeerID, MCAdvertiserAssistant, MCSessionDelegate, MCBrowserViewControllerDelegate, Data, data(using:), String.Encoding.utf8 | ✅ |
| 26   | 🕹<br>[Marble Maze](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/26.%20Marble%20Maze)              | categoryBitMask, collisionBitMask, contactTestBitMask, CMMotionManager, update() | ✅ |
| 27   | 🛠<br>[Core Graphics](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/27.%20Core%20Graphics)            | UIGraphicsImageRenderer, UIGraphicsImageRendererContext, CGContext, addRect(), addEllipse(), String.draw(with:), UIFont, NSMutableParagraphStyle() | ✅ |
| 28   | 📱<br>[Secret Swift](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/28.%20Secret%20Swift)             | KeychainWrapper, resignFirstResponder(), NotificationCenter, UIApplication.willResignActiveNotification, LocalAuthentication, LAContext, canEvaluatePolicy(), .deviceOwnerAuthenticationWithBiometrics, evaluatePolicy(), `[unowned self]`, `self`, Privacy for Touch ID & Face ID | ✅ |
| 29   | 🕹<br>[Exploding Monkeys](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/29.%20Exploding%20Monkeys)       | UIKit + SpriteKit, Texture Atlases, Scene Transitions, Destructable Terrain | ✅ |
| 30   | 🛠<br>[Instruments](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/30.%20Instruments)              | TimeProfiler, Color Blended Layers, Color Offscreen-Rendered Yellow, Color Hits Green and Misses Red | ✅ |

## Advanced 📘

| #    | Project Name                | Topics Learned   | Progress   |
| :--: | :-------------------------: | :--------------: | :--------: |
| 31   | 📱<br>[Multibrowser](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/31.%20Multibrowser)            | UIStackView, iPad Multitasking, addArrangedSubview(), WKNavigationDelegate, UITextFieldDelegate, UIGestureRecognizerDelegate, App Transport Security | ✅ |
| 32   | 📱<br>[Swift Searcher](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/32.%20Swift%20Searcher)            | Dynamic Type, NSAttributedString, SFSafariViewController, SFSafariViewControllerDelegate, Core Spotlight, UIContentSizeCategoryDidChange | ✅ |
| 33   | 📱<br>[Name That Tune](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/33.%20Name%20that%20Tune)          | AVAudioRecorder, AVAudioSession, requestRecordPermission(), CloudKit, CKRecord, CKAsset, CloudKit Dashboard, CKQueryOperation, NSPredicate, CKRecord.Reference, fetch(withRecordID:), save(), CKQuerySubscription, NSSortDescriptor | ✅ |
| 34   | 🕹<br>[Four in a Row](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/34.%20Connect%20Four)            | GameplayKit AI, GKGameModel, GKGameModelPlayer, GKGameModelUpdate, AI Heuristics, NSCopying, GKMinmaxStrategist | ✅ |
| 35   | 🛠<br>[Random Numbers](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/35.%20Random%20Numbers)           | Int.random(in:), Float.random(in:), Double.random(in:), CGFloat.random(in:), Bool.random(), arc4random(), GKRandomSource.sharedRandom(), GKLinearCongruentialRandomSource, GKMersenneTwisterRandomSource, GKARC4RandomSource, GKRandomDistribution, GKShuffledDistribution, GKGaussianDistribution, Fisher-Yates Algorithm, arrayByShufflingObjects(in:) | ✅ |
| 36   | 🕹<br>[Crashy Plane](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/36.%20Crashy%20Plane)             | Composed Methods,  Scale Modes, Parallax Scrolling, SpriteKit Physics, SKPhysicsContactDelegate, SKPhysicsBody, SKAudioNode, Managing Game State  | ✅ |
| 37   | 🕹<br>[Psychic Tester](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/37.%20Psychic%20Tester)           | WatchKit Extensions, 3D Touch, CAEmitterLayer, CAGradientLayer, @IBDesignable, @IBInspectable, transition(with:), WCSession, WKInterfaceLabel, WKInterfaceButton | ✅ |
| 38   | 🛠<br>[Github Commits (Core Data)](https://github.com/neilhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/38.%20GitHubCommits) | NSFetchRequest, NSManagedObject, NSPredicate, NSSortDescriptor, NSFetchedResultsController, ISO8601DateFormatter | ✅ |
| 39   | 🛠<br>[Unit testing with XCTest](https://github.com/neilhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/39.%20Swift%20Unit%20Tests) | XCTest, `filter()`, Test-Driven Development, Functional Programming, XCTestCase, Setting a Baseline, NSCountedSet, XCUIApplication(), XCUIElementQuery, UI Test Recording | ✅ |

## Challenges 📙

| #    | Project Name                 | Progress |
| :--: | :--------------------------: | :------: |
| 0    | 🛠<br>[Fizz Buzz](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C00.%20Fizz%20Buzz%20Test)              | ✅ |
| 1    | 📱<br>[Shopping List](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C01.%20Shopping%20List)          | ⚠️ |
| 2    | 📱<br>[World Flags](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C02.%20World%20Flags)            | ⚠️ |
| 3    | 🕹<br>[Hangman](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C03.%20Hangman)                | ⚠️ |
| 4    | 🛠<br>[Storm Viewer v2.0](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C04.%20Storm%20Viewer%20v2.0)     | ⚠️ |
| 5    | 📱<br>[World Facts](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C05.%20World%20Facts)            | ⚠️ |
| 6    | 📱<br>[Apple Notes Clone](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C06.%20Apple%20Notes%20Clone)      | ⚠️ |
| 7    | 🕹<br>[Target Practice](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C07.%20Target%20Practice)        | ⚠️ |
| 8    | 🛠<br>[Swift Extensions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C08.%20Swift%20Extensions)       | ⚠️ |
| 9    | 🛠<br>[Core Graphics Rainbow](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C09.%20Core%20Graphics%20Rainbow) | ⚠️ |
| 10   | 📱<br>[Private Photos](https://github.com/nhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/tree/master/C10.%20Private%20Photos)         | ⚠️ |

## Certificate of Completion 🎓

![Certificate](https://github.com/neilhiddink/HWS_Portfolio_Hiddink/blob/master/certificate-hiddink.jpg)

|  KEY  |
| ----- |
📱 = App
🕹 = Game
🛠 = Technique
✅ = Complete
⚠️ = In Progress
🛑 = Not Started

## Legal

![Shield.io MIT License Shield](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)

Swift, the Swift logo, and Xcode are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Hacking with Swift is copyright Paul Hudson. All rights reserved.
