01. 100 Days of Swift/02. iOS - Beginner/README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/neilhiddink/HwS/blob/1aff6f6451bfbef908e80d071cde9f3f30158242/00.%20Resources/banner-100.png" width="500"></p>

### iOS - Beginner 📕

| Day(s) | Project                      | Topics Learned   | Progress  | 
| :------: | :---------------------: | :------------------: | :---------: |
| 16-18 | 📱<br>[Storm Viewer]()           | Xcode, UIKit, UIViewController, `super`, viewDidLoad(), FileManager, Bundle, `try-catch` Blocks, print(), Storyboards & Interface Builder, UITableView, UITableViewDelegate, UITableViewDataSource, UIImageView, UIImage, UIButton, Auto Layout, Outlets & Actions, UINavigationController | ✅ 💯 |

### Upcoming Projects

These are projects I've built while reading Hacking with Swift that may or may not show up during the 100 Days of Swift. If I get to the end of the 100 days and something's been missed, I'll move that project or those projects to a separate folder.

| #    | Project                      | Topics Learned   | Progress  | 
| :--: | :--------------------------: | :--------------: | :--------: |
| 2    | 🕹<br>[Guess the Flag](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/02.%20Guess%20the%20Flag)         | UIButton, Asset Catalogs, Retina displays & @2x and @3x images, UIControlState, CALayer, UIView, UIColor, CGColor, Random Numbers, UIAlertController, UIAlertAction, UILabel | ✅ |
| 3    | 🛠 [Social Media](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/03.%20Social%20Media)              | UIActivityViewController, UINavigationBar, UIBarButtonItem, `#selector` & `@objc`, Info.plist, Privacy & Permissions | ✅ |
| 4    | 📱<br>[Easy Browser](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/04.%20Easy%20Browser)           | WKWebView, URL, URLRequest, UIToolbar, UIProgressView, KVO Design Pattern, WKNavigationDelegate | ✅ |
| 5    | 🕹<br>[Word Scramble](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/05.%20Word%20Scramble)          | String Methods, NSRange, UITextChecker, lowercased(), IndexPath | ✅ |
| 6    | 🛠<br>[Auto Layout](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/06.%20Auto%20Layout)            | Ctrl-drag, Visual Format Language | ✅ |
| 7    | 📱<br>[WH Petitions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/07.%20White%20House%20Petitions)           | UITabBarController, Parsing JSON, SwiftyJSON didFinishLaunchingWithOptions | ✅ |
| 8    | 🕹<br>[Seven Swifty Words](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/08.%20Seven%20Swifty%20Words)     | addTarget(), enumerated(), index(of:), joined(), replacingOccurrences(), Property Observers, Range Operators | ✅ |
| 9    | 🛠<br>[Grand Central Dispatch](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/09.%20Grand%20Central%20Dispatch) | async(), DispatchQueue.main, Quality of Service, global(), performSelector(inBackground:) | ✅ |
| 10   | 📱<br>[Names to Faces](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/10.%20Names%20to%20Faces)   | UICollectionView, UICollectionViewCell, UICollectionViewDelegate, UICollectionViewDataSource, UIImagePickerController, UUID, Custom NSObject Classes | ✅ |
| 11   | 🕹<br>[Peggle](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/11.%20Peggle)                 | CGFloat, SKSpriteNode, UITouch, SKPhysicsBody, circleOfRadius, SKPhysicsContactDelegate, SKLabelNode, SKEmitterNode | ✅ |
| 12   | 🛠<br>[User Defaults](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/12.%20User%20Defaults)   | NSCoding, Codable | ✅ |
| 13   | 📱<br>[Instafilter](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/13.%20Instafilter)            | UISlider, CIContext, CIFilter | ✅ |
| 14   | 🕹<br>[Whack-a-Penguin](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/14.%20Whack-a-Penguin)        | SKCropNode, SKTexture, SKActions, asyncAfter() | ✅ |
| 15   | 🛠<br>[Core Animation](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/15.%20Animation)         | `switch`, `case`, animate(withDuration:), CGAffineTransform, CGFloat.pi | ✅ |

Commit message:

docs: (100-P2) Update Progress - Guess the Flag

01. 100 Days of Swift/02. iOS - Beginner/README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/neilhiddink/HwS/blob/1aff6f6451bfbef908e80d071cde9f3f30158242/00.%20Resources/banner-100.png" width="500"></p>

### iOS - Beginner 📗

| Day(s) | Project                      | Topics Learned   | Progress  | 
| :------: | :---------------------: | :------------------: | :---------: |
| 16-18 | 📱<br>[Storm Viewer](https://github.com/neilhiddink/HwS/tree/master/01.%20100%20Days%20of%20Swift/02.%20iOS%20-%20Beginner/016-018.%20Project%201)           | Xcode, UIKit, UIViewController, `super`, viewDidLoad(), FileManager, Bundle, `try-catch` Blocks, print(), Storyboards & Interface Builder, UITableView, UITableViewDelegate, UITableViewDataSource, UIImageView, UIImage, UIButton, Auto Layout, Outlets & Actions, UINavigationController | ✅ 💯 |
| 19    | 🕹<br>[Guess the Flag](https://github.com/neilhiddink/HwS/tree/master/01.%20100%20Days%20of%20Swift/02.%20iOS%20-%20Beginner/019.%20Project%202)         | UIButton, Asset Catalogs, Retina displays & @2x and @3x images, UIControlState, CALayer, UIView, UIColor, CGColor, Random Numbers, UIAlertController, UIAlertAction, UILabel | ✅ ⚠️ |

### Upcoming Projects

These are projects I've built while reading the Hacking with Swift book that may or may not show up during the 100 Days of Swift. If I get to the end of the 100 days and something's missing, I'll move that project (or those projects) to a separate folder.

| #    | Project                      | Topics Learned   | Progress  | 
| :--: | :--------------------------: | :--------------: | :--------: |
| 3    | 🛠 [Social Media](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/03.%20Social%20Media)              | UIActivityViewController, UINavigationBar, UIBarButtonItem, `#selector` & `@objc`, Info.plist, Privacy & Permissions | ✅ |
| 4    | 📱<br>[Easy Browser](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/04.%20Easy%20Browser)           | WKWebView, URL, URLRequest, UIToolbar, UIProgressView, KVO Design Pattern, WKNavigationDelegate | ✅ |
| 5    | 🕹<br>[Word Scramble](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/05.%20Word%20Scramble)          | String Methods, NSRange, UITextChecker, lowercased(), IndexPath | ✅ |
| 6    | 🛠<br>[Auto Layout](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/06.%20Auto%20Layout)            | Ctrl-drag, Visual Format Language | ✅ |
| 7    | 📱<br>[WH Petitions](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/07.%20White%20House%20Petitions)           | UITabBarController, Parsing JSON, SwiftyJSON didFinishLaunchingWithOptions | ✅ |
| 8    | 🕹<br>[Seven Swifty Words](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/08.%20Seven%20Swifty%20Words)     | addTarget(), enumerated(), index(of:), joined(), replacingOccurrences(), Property Observers, Range Operators | ✅ |
| 9    | 🛠<br>[Grand Central Dispatch](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/09.%20Grand%20Central%20Dispatch) | async(), DispatchQueue.main, Quality of Service, global(), performSelector(inBackground:) | ✅ |
| 10   | 📱<br>[Names to Faces](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/10.%20Names%20to%20Faces)   | UICollectionView, UICollectionViewCell, UICollectionViewDelegate, UICollectionViewDataSource, UIImagePickerController, UUID, Custom NSObject Classes | ✅ |
| 11   | 🕹<br>[Peggle](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/11.%20Peggle)                 | CGFloat, SKSpriteNode, UITouch, SKPhysicsBody, circleOfRadius, SKPhysicsContactDelegate, SKLabelNode, SKEmitterNode | ✅ |
| 12   | 🛠<br>[User Defaults](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/12.%20User%20Defaults)   | NSCoding, Codable | ✅ |
| 13   | 📱<br>[Instafilter](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/13.%20Instafilter)            | UISlider, CIContext, CIFilter | ✅ |
| 14   | 🕹<br>[Whack-a-Penguin](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/14.%20Whack-a-Penguin)        | SKCropNode, SKTexture, SKActions, asyncAfter() | ✅ |
| 15   | 🛠<br>[Core Animation](https://github.com/nhiddink/HackingWithSwift/tree/master/15.%20Animation)         | `switch`, `case`, animate(withDuration:), CGAffineTransform, CGFloat.pi | ✅ |

|  KEY  |
| ------ |
📱 = App
🕹 = Game
🛠 = Technique
✅ = HwS Book Project
💯 = 100DoS Project
⚠️ = In Progress
🛑 = Not Started
